Remove the option to use `format` from `authorization_details` in the Authorization Request (#517)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

The request parameter `authorization_details` defined in Section 2 of [@!RFC9396] MUST be used to convey the details about the Credentials the Wallet wants to obtain. This specification introduces a new authorization details type `openid_credential` and defines the following parameters to be used with this authorization details type:

* `type`: REQUIRED. String that determines the authorization details type. It MUST be set to `openid_credential` for the purpose of this specification.

> * `credential_configuration_id`: REQUIRED. String specifying a unique identifier of the Credential being described in the `credential_configurations_supported` map in the Credential Issuer Metadata as defined in (#credential-issuer-parameters). The referenced object in the `credential_configurations_supported` map conveys the details, such as the format, for issuance of the requested Credential. This specification defines Credential Format specific Issuer Metadata in (#format-profiles).

Author: ```suggestion
* `credential_configuration_id`: REQUIRED. String specifying a unique identifier of the Credential being described in the `credential_configurations_supported` map in the Credential Issuer Metadata as defined in (#credential-issuer-parameters). The referenced object in the `credential_configurations_supported` map conveys the details of the requested Credential, such as the format and format-specific parameters like `vct` for SD-JWT VC or `doctype` for ISO mdoc. This specification defines those Credential Format specific Issuer Metadata in (#format-profiles).
```

> * `claims`: OPTIONAL. A non-empty array of claims description objects as defined in (#claims-description-authorization-details).

Author: All of these are present in the credential_configuration_supported map, so I don't see any need for them. Except for claims, which I moved to the common authorization_details in section 5

> * `claims`: OPTIONAL. A non-empty array of claims description objects as defined in (#claims-description-authorization-details).

Reviewer: then we should expand `The referenced object in the `credential_configurations_supported` map conveys the details, such as the format, for issuance of the requested Credential.` section to reflect that

> * `claims`: OPTIONAL. A non-empty array of claims description objects as defined in (#claims-description-authorization-details).

Author: I made a suggestion
